Add IME doc (#19506)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Specifies the amount of data sampled by Heap Profiling each time, rounding up to the nearest power of 2.
+ Default value: `512KiB`

## in-memory-engine <span class="version-mark">New in v8.5.0</span>

> TiKV MVCC in-memory engine configuration items related to the storage layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine configuration items related to the storage layer.
```

> TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine configuration items related to the storage layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV MVCC in-memory engine configuration items related to the storage layer.
```

### `enable` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.5.0</span>

> **Note:**
>

> > This configuration item cannot be queried via SQL statements but can be configured in the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This configuration item can be configured in the configuration file, and cannot be queried via SQL statements.
```

> + Whether to enable the In-Memory Engine to accelerate multi-version queries. For more information about the in-memory engine, see [TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine](/tikv-in-memory-engine.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Whether to enable the in-memory engine to accelerate multi-version queries. For more information about the in-memory engine, see [TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine](/tikv-in-memory-engine.md)
```

> + Whether to enable the in-memory engine to accelerate multi-version queries. For more information on the in-memory engine, refer to [TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine](/tikv-in-memory-engine.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Whether to enable the In-Memory Engine to accelerate multi-version queries. For more information about the in-memory engine, see [TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine](/tikv-in-memory-engine.md)
```

+ Default value: false (the in-memory engine is disabled)

### `capacity` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.5.0</span>

> **Note:**
>
> + When the in-memory engine is enabled, `block-cache.capacity` will automatically decrease by 10%.

> > + When manually configuring `capacity`, `block-cache.capacity` will not automatically decrease, and you need to manually adjust the value to avoid OOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> + When you manually configure `capacity`, `block-cache.capacity` will not automatically decrease. In this case, you need to manually adjust the value to avoid OOM.
```

> + Configure the maximum memory size that the in-memory engine can use. The maximum value is 5 GiB. You can manually configure to use more memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Configure the maximum memory size that the In-Memory Engine can use. The maximum value is 5 GiB. You can manually configure it to use more memory.
```

> + Configure the maximum memory size that the In-Memory Engine can use. The maximum value is 5 GiB. You can manually configure it to use more memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Configure the maximum memory size that the in-memory engine can use. The maximum value is 5 GiB. You can manually configure it to use more memory.
```

> + Configure the maximum memory size that the in-memory engine can use. The maximum value is 5 GiB. You can manually configure it to use more memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Controls the maximum memory size that the in-memory engine can use. The maximum value is 5 GiB. You can manually configure it to use more memory.
```

> + Default value: 10% of system memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: 10% of the system memory.
```

### `gc-run-interval` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.5.0</span>

> + Control the time interval for the In-memory Engine GC cached MVCC versions. Reducing this parameter can speed up the GC frequency, reduce MVCC records, but will increase GC CPU consumption and increase the probability of In-memory Engine cache miss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Control the time interval for the In-memory Engine GC cached MVCC versions. Reducing this parameter can speed up the GC frequency, reduce MVCC records, but will increase GC CPU consumption and increase the probability of in-memory engine cache miss.
```

> + Default value: 3m

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `3m`
```

### `mvcc-amplification-threshold` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.5.0</span>

> + Control the threshold for the In-memory Engine to select loading Region when MVCC read amplification occurs. The default is `10`, indicating that when the number of MVCC versions processed for reading a row record in a certain Region exceeds 10, it may be loaded into the In-memory Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Control the threshold for the In-memory Engine to select loading Region when MVCC read amplification occurs. The default value is `10`, indicating that when the number of MVCC versions processed for reading a row record in a certain Region exceeds 10, it might be loaded into the In-Memory Engine.
```

> + Control the threshold for the In-memory Engine to select loading Region when MVCC read amplification occurs. The default value is `10`, indicating that when the number of MVCC versions processed for reading a row record in a certain Region exceeds 10, it might be loaded into the In-Memory Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Control the threshold for the in-memory engine to select loading Region when MVCC read amplification occurs. The default value is `10`, indicating that when the number of MVCC versions processed for reading a row record in a certain Region exceeds 10, it might be loaded into the In-Memory Engine.
```

> + Control the threshold for the in-memory engine to select loading Region when MVCC read amplification occurs. The default value is `10`, indicating that when the number of MVCC versions processed for reading a row record in a certain Region exceeds 10, it might be loaded into the in-memory engine.
> + Default value: 10

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Controls the threshold for MVCC read amplification when the in-memory engine selects and loads Regions. The default value is `10`, indicating that if reading a single row in a Region requires processing more than 10 MVCC versions, this Region might be loaded into the in-memory engine.
+ Default value: `10`
```
